Minor edits in the README with some clarification (#30)
helium/erlang-dkg: README.md

[here](https://github.com/helium/erlang-pbc) for more details) key in
a manner tolerant of Byzantine faults.

Some limitations, where this code does not implement the full protocol:

>  - It does not implement the pessimistic phase (leadger change). We handle that using erlang-libp2p and relcast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It does not implement the pessimistic phase (leader change).  Recovery (or rather retry) is handled outside of the protocol.
```
